do you think angie verona
can ever ever be a real lawyer
do you think she ever ever could take on
a position
of political responsibility and
leadership or do you think
the possibility for doing that has been
destroyed
forever in the same way
that a teenager who chooses to deal
crack cocaine on the street
the possibility of him ever working as a
lawyer is destroyed forever
once he has that criminal record once
he's made that moral compromise
for short-term economic gain
are you going to practice law hopefully
down the line
yes however right now i am trying to
milk
social media as much as possible because
there's so many opportunities out there
and right now it's i don't want to say
it
for lack of a better word it's paying
off better than being a
first year practicing attorney or even a
second third or fourth year
so i'm gonna ride this wave as long as i
can
and then i'm gonna practicing law
somewhere down the line when i do
um i'd like to practice family law
really state law
property wasn't trust escapes all that
good stuff
after law school i didn't want to go
straight into study for the bar so i
took this year off
to dedicate it to fitness so i kind of
want to reach that fitness goal which is
basically i want to weigh around 120 but
be solid muscle
however i've been very sidetracked so
i'm hoping that i can get
back on track um but it doesn't seem
that way i'm still 107 pounds so i get a
lot of
goals but i'm hoping i have faith in
myself
i do not criticize feminism often
on this channel because i think that
fears about it
are massively overstated on the internet
they are
somewhat hysterical in character now
that doesn't mean
feminists aren't bad and evil and wrong
frankly
but tell me something honestly if you
had a younger cousin
say you had a cousin who was 16 years
old
and you learned that they were
converting to
third wave feminism and that they had
decided
that they want to go to university and
study feminist theory
feminist philosophy how concerned would
you really be
compared to that 16 year old cousin
converting to islam
and deciding to go to a muslim college
madrasa whatever you want to say to go
and study
islamic jurisprudence or islamic
philosophy or islam
really really is feminism that bad
really and you know part of this part of
the concern does center around the
university as a kind of locus
for uh political discourse and debate
but i've said this many times on the
channel
if you really think it's so terrible to
be in university
that is dominated by feminist opinion
what is it like to be a university that
is owned and operated by the catholic
church
that is owned and operated by one
specific protestant christian church or
another
in the united states there are major
universities owned and operated by the
mormons
scientology not yet so you know
again yes i mean i've encountered it it
is it is kind of weird it's kind of
awkward dealing with feminist bias in an
institutional setting
but really it's not that big a deal
really compared to any other
ideology of our times and yeah we could
mention other things that your 16 year
old cousin might have discovered on the
internet become infatuated with and
decide to sign up for okay
there are worse things they could sign
up for that you could be more
you could be more concerned about so
feminism
i almost always critique it because one
of my viewers
has written in asking a specific
question and i sympathize with her
i feel they're asking a meaningful
question
and today i got a question from viewer
of the channel
okay more than one person has said this
to me in the last couple of weeks
in response to my videos about only fans
a few people were writing into me asking
about
the feminist justification
of earning money from the sale of your
own body if you like but really here
we're just dealing with the sale of your
nude image whether that's on only fans
instagram
or pornhub or some other website the
feminist
analysis of this as empowerment
as empowering one of the people writing
into me is herself
making money through something like only
fans
but she's self-critical she's
philosophizing about it she sees the
disadvantages
as well as the advantages why she's
interested in talking about it and
asking this question
okay look sometimes sometimes
it's important to ask ourselves these
same questions and
remove the element of sexuality
entirely in the same way when i talk to
white americans
about racism i very often give them a
kind of parallel study
from a country like cambodia laos
vietnam some country where they've never
even thought about racism
and try to get them to ask themselves
the same questions like in this parallel
universe that really exists
like you know in laos lao people don't
get along with the hmong people
and the tai lu don't get along with a
tiny like
you know like can we talk about a
history of racism that you personally
don't have a stake in where your desires
are not excited by the subject and then
maybe we can come to some conclusions
about racism in general and apply them
to your emilia
in this case almost all of us
have have some kind of personal stake in
in these issues of like sexuality beauty
desire
the human heart fame uh earning money i
mean these are all things where
to some extent nobody is completely
detached
to some extent our passions are inflamed
by this
is it fair to say that the feminist
analysis
of exploiting one's sexuality for money
for advancement for personal gain
would be parallel to encouraging
a young black man who's born and raised
in baltimore
to buy and sell cocaine
for his empowerment for his advancement
right now i'm specifying a young black
man in baltimore
uh in part because the conversation i
once had the guy was a phd student
he said to me this is not a tremendously
deep point but i think it is a
it's an important and salient one he
said you know that for him
being born the family he was born into
it would have been very easy
to become a lawyer whereas for someone
else
maybe born into a bad neighborhood in
certain american cities like baltimore
it would have been almost impossible
for them to become a lawyer and he said
that for him
it would have been incredibly difficult
to become a cocaine dealer
but for someone else born into other
circumstances that would have been
incredibly easy
or would have been almost the only way
to rapidly make a lot of money with
relatively little effort
remember watching a long interview with
an african-american woman from new
orleans
and this was in the aftermath of
hurricane katrina and exactly that
but the whole world briefly paid
attention to new orleans and she was
actually a talented
amateur rapper too interestingly and she
talked about the role that
dealing cocaine and crack had in her
with her life and she was completely
sober
and she was just describing that once
you get used to being able to make that
much money
in so little time with so little effort
it's incredibly hard to
it's important it's incredible to quit
the habit not the habit of using drugs
she didn't use drugs she was sober it's
hard to quit the habit of dealing drugs
right and she was talking about with
very little effort making about 300
a day so just just to put it in
perspective this isn't like
high level many kilograms of drugs these
are a few small transactions you can
make 300
and get on with the rest of your day
okay okay okay
work at mcdonald's for minimum wage
sell drugs on the street for hundred 300
a day with very very few hours of effort
are we willing to call the criminal
route empowering here
and probably the people who do this they
have friends
who did this for years and never got
caught never went to jail
probably they can justify in their own
minds that they're going to make this
moral compromise they're going to do
this deed maybe they think they're only
going to do it for a few months maybe
they think they're going to do it for a
few years
and maybe that'll give them the money so
that they can go to law school
and become a lawyer now doesn't maybe
they want to go to dental school and
become a dentist
go to nursing college doesn't matter
there is an argument for dealing
crack cocaine being an empowering thing
for the drug dealer
right that seems to me in some important
ways
parallel to the feminist justification
of selling nude images of your body on
only fans
of course in other ways it's not
parallel it's not comparable
but here's a further point of comparison
you get caught you go to prison
for dealing cocaine you put in all this
effort
to go to law school and now you can
never practice law
you can never be taken seriously as a
lawyer nor as a politician
because you have criminal record for
drug dealing
it's possible it's possible
you could be a young woman who wants to
go to law school
who actually does go to law school and
who pays her way
by selling nude and sexy images of
yourself on the internet
now you've got a law degree and you
can't use it or you're incredibly
limited
how you can use it because you're known
as a porn star
basically shall we say right so there
are some interesting
points of comparison here and i think
that nobody can deny there is a sense in
which it's empowering to make a lot of
money
with very little effort whether it's
through pornography or drug dealing
in contrast to working at mcdonald's
working at starbucks and in our
post-industrial
north american economy united states and
canada
almost nobody has the option or
opportunity
to work on a farm right to actually haul
in grain or bale hay
i did that as a very young man i had
memories of it and it it really shaped
the way i viewed labor
forever i've got to say it really had a
very profound influence with me this
idea
of honest work and then i've been cut
off
from honest work of that guy for the
rest of my life i've never had the
opportunity so you know most of us
again this has to do with your
conditions of birth for some people
it'd be easy to become a peanut farmer
but for the rest of us
it would be impossible depending on
where we're born and really the only
humble employment we could get is
working at starbucks working at
mcdonald's
this kind of thing and then you have to
flip it around and ask wait a minute
if you want to be a lawyer if you want
to be a political leader and these
things are linked
in american culture tragically i
completely oppose that
but the reality is getting a degree in
law can be the doorway
to a position of political leadership in
american society canadian site probably
in
many other societies too okay if you
want to be a political leader if you
want to be a lawyer
who's taken seriously and changes the
world in whatever way
what if that requires self-sacrifice
what if
even in regarding working at mcdonald's
as
terrible bad and evil and wrong what if
what's required is that you no matter
how beautiful you are
refuse to sell your body refuse to be a
porn star
sell images on instagram you put up with
working at mcdonald's
because that end goal of being taken
seriously as a lawyer or a politician
requires that self-sacrifice you that
that characteristic of self-discipline
and self-sacrifice
is a morally positive virtue you're
expected to cultivate and maintain for
that
for that outcome okay
another deeper question what if what if
there really is
a kind of dignity in working at
mcdonald's
what if there is a kind of dignity in
working at starbucks
that we're all just overlooking or
ignoring simply because it's hard work
what if doing more hard work for less
money
actually has an important kind of date
what if that has some real
moral and ethical importance in contrast
to making a lot of money
very easily fairly
i discussed on this channel i think five
years ago
angie verona
some of you you haven't heard of her
since there was one video on this
channel
pointing out half jokingly but half dead
serious
that angie verona would be a better
political leader
than all the leaders we had at that time
in the vegan movement
in as much as veganism is a political
movement all right
still true today half joking but half
serious
angie verona at that time was a
political science major
she completed her political science
degree went on to law school
now she's finished law school she's a
fully qualified lawyer
joey carbstrom do you think joey
carbstrom
would last five minutes in a university
department of political science do you
think that guy
could get a ba in political science i'm
not even saying these things qualify you
to be a
leader of the figure movement tragically
they don't what people actually learned
in a political science degree
another question but the irony was
saying look
even if you're going to choose people
who are bikini models to be the leader
of your political movement people like
freely the banana girl even if this is
how you can choose why can't you choose
a bikini model
who studied political science and kind
of this is this is the point of the
video
right anyway our leaders in the vegan
movement are so astoundingly terrible
it's still true to this day compare
angie verona to
joey carbstrong uh wayne cyong the
leader of dxe or the leader of
anonymous for the voiceless there's a
real argument that still today should be
better than the leaders we've got
veganism
do you think angie verona can ever
ever be a real lawyer
do you think she ever ever could take on
a position
of political responsibility and
leadership or do you think the
possibility for doing that
has been destroyed forever
in the same way that a teenager
who chooses to deal crack cocaine on the
street
the possibility of him ever working as a
lawyer is destroyed forever
once he has that criminal record once
he's made that moral compromise
for short-term economic gain i think
this is the very simple puzzle
lurking behind all of the complex
feminist verbiage about empowerment